This repository contains the implementation of two neural network tasks:



- Task 1: Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN):
Create a classifier for the CIFAR10 database. You should write your own training code and satisfy the mentioned constraints. 
The performance parameters appear below.
You should try different model architectures (different depths, filter sizes, types of pooling
layers, etc.) and different hyperparameters (learning rate, batch size, etc.) to see how it affects the performance.
Classification Network requirement:
Write a complete training procedure for a classification network on CIFAR10 dataset.
Design and train your network so that it will satisfy the 2 following goals:
  - Final accuracy on the test set should be > 80%.
  - The number of trainable parameters (weights) should be less than 50,000.

  The CIFAR-10 dataset (Canadian Institute For Advanced Research) is a collection of images that are commonly used to train machine learning and computer vision algorithms. It is one of the most widely used     
  datasets for machine learning research. The CIFAR-10 dataset contains 60,000 32x32 color images in 10 different classes. The 10 different classes represent airplanes, cars, birds, cats, deer, dogs, frogs,
  horses, ships, and trucks. There are 6,000 images of each class.



- Task 2: Names generation (RNN):
Train a character-level language model. Use a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to generate names given their origin country and first letter.
Specify in the report 5 examples of names generated by your model and specify the corresponding inputs.
Think about: How should the input data be represented? What do you predict? When do you predict? At each timestep? At the end of the sequence?.    



Make sure you check out the "report" PDF which contains details & conclusions about the implementation.
